and you
and you of man prophesy to the mountains of
of man prophesy to the mountains of
of man prophesy to the mountains of Israel and say Oh mountains of Israel
Israel and say Oh mountains of Israel
Israel and say Oh mountains of Israel hear the word of the Lord thus says the
hear the word of the Lord thus says the
hear the word of the Lord thus says the Lord God because the enemy has said of
Lord God because the enemy has said of
Lord God because the enemy has said of you
you
you aha the ancient heights have become our
aha the ancient heights have become our
aha the ancient heights have become our position therefore prophesy and say thus
position therefore prophesy and say thus
position therefore prophesy and say thus says the Lord God because they made you
says the Lord God because they made you
says the Lord God because they made you desolate and swallowed you up on every
desolate and swallowed you up on every
desolate and swallowed you up on every side so that you became the possession
side so that you became the possession
side so that you became the possession of the rest of the nations and you were
of the rest of the nations and you were
of the rest of the nations and you were taken up by the lips of talkers and
taken up by the lips of talkers and
taken up by the lips of talkers and slandered by the people therefore o
slandered by the people therefore o
slandered by the people therefore o mountains of Israel hear the word of the
mountains of Israel hear the word of the
mountains of Israel hear the word of the Lord God thus says the Lord God to the
Lord God thus says the Lord God to the
Lord God thus says the Lord God to the mountains the hills the rivers of the
mountains the hills the rivers of the
mountains the hills the rivers of the valleys the desolate wastes and the
valleys the desolate wastes and the
valleys the desolate wastes and the cities that have been forsaken which
cities that have been forsaken which
cities that have been forsaken which became plunder and mockery to the rest
became plunder and mockery to the rest
became plunder and mockery to the rest of the nations all around therefore thus
of the nations all around therefore thus
of the nations all around therefore thus says the Lord God surely I have spoken
says the Lord God surely I have spoken
says the Lord God surely I have spoken in my burning jealousy against the rest
in my burning jealousy against the rest
in my burning jealousy against the rest of the nations and against all Edom who
of the nations and against all Edom who
of the nations and against all Edom who gave my land to themselves as a
gave my land to themselves as a
gave my land to themselves as a possession with wholehearted joy and
possession with wholehearted joy and
possession with wholehearted joy and spiteful minds in order to plunder its
spiteful minds in order to plunder its
spiteful minds in order to plunder its open country therefore prophesy
open country therefore prophesy
open country therefore prophesy concerning the land of Israel and say to
concerning the land of Israel and say to
concerning the land of Israel and say to the mountains the hills the rivers and
the mountains the hills the rivers and
the mountains the hills the rivers and the valleys thus says the Lord God
the valleys thus says the Lord God
the valleys thus says the Lord God behold I have spoken in my jealousy and
behold I have spoken in my jealousy and
behold I have spoken in my jealousy and my fury because you have borne the shame
my fury because you have borne the shame
my fury because you have borne the shame of the nation's therefore thus says the
of the nation's therefore thus says the
of the nation's therefore thus says the Lord God I have raised my hand in an
Lord God I have raised my hand in an
Lord God I have raised my hand in an oath that surely the nations that are
oath that surely the nations that are
oath that surely the nations that are around you shall bear their own shame
around you shall bear their own shame
around you shall bear their own shame but you o mountains of Israel you shall
but you o mountains of Israel you shall
but you o mountains of Israel you shall shoot forth your branches and yield your
shoot forth your branches and yield your
shoot forth your branches and yield your fruit to my people Israel for they are
fruit to my people Israel for they are
fruit to my people Israel for they are about to come for indeed I am for you
about to come for indeed I am for you
about to come for indeed I am for you and I will turn to you and you shall be
and I will turn to you and you shall be
and I will turn to you and you shall be tilled and so I will multiply men upon
tilled and so I will multiply men upon
tilled and so I will multiply men upon you all the house of Israel all of it
you all the house of Israel all of it
you all the house of Israel all of it and the city shall be inhabited and the
and the city shall be inhabited and the
and the city shall be inhabited and the ruins rebuilt I will multiply upon you
ruins rebuilt I will multiply upon you
ruins rebuilt I will multiply upon you man and beast and they shall increase
man and beast and they shall increase
man and beast and they shall increase and bare young
and bare young
and bare young I will make you inhabited as in former
I will make you inhabited as in former
I will make you inhabited as in former times and do better for you than at your
times and do better for you than at your
times and do better for you than at your beginnings then you shall know that I am
beginnings then you shall know that I am
beginnings then you shall know that I am the Lord
the Lord
the Lord yes I will cause men to walk on you my
yes I will cause men to walk on you my
yes I will cause men to walk on you my people Israel they shall take possession
people Israel they shall take possession
people Israel they shall take possession of and you shall be their inheritance no
of and you shall be their inheritance no
of and you shall be their inheritance no more shall you believe them of children
more shall you believe them of children
more shall you believe them of children thus says the Lord God because they say
thus says the Lord God because they say
thus says the Lord God because they say to you you devour men and bereaved your
to you you devour men and bereaved your
to you you devour men and bereaved your nation of children therefore you shall
nation of children therefore you shall
nation of children therefore you shall devour men no more nor bereaved your
devour men no more nor bereaved your
devour men no more nor bereaved your nation anymore says the Lord God nor
nation anymore says the Lord God nor
nation anymore says the Lord God nor will I let you hear the taunts of the
will I let you hear the taunts of the
will I let you hear the taunts of the nations anymore nor bear the reproach of
nations anymore nor bear the reproach of
nations anymore nor bear the reproach of the peoples any more nor shall you cause
the peoples any more nor shall you cause
the peoples any more nor shall you cause your nation to stumble anymore says the
your nation to stumble anymore says the
your nation to stumble anymore says the Lord God
Lord God
Lord God moreover the word of the Lord came to me
moreover the word of the Lord came to me
moreover the word of the Lord came to me saying son of man when the house of
saying son of man when the house of
saying son of man when the house of Israel dwelt in their own land they
Israel dwelt in their own land they
Israel dwelt in their own land they defiled it by their own ways and deeds
defiled it by their own ways and deeds
defiled it by their own ways and deeds to me their way was like the uncleanness
to me their way was like the uncleanness
to me their way was like the uncleanness of a woman in her customary impurity
of a woman in her customary impurity
of a woman in her customary impurity therefore I poured out my fury on them
therefore I poured out my fury on them
therefore I poured out my fury on them for the blood they had shed on the land
for the blood they had shed on the land
for the blood they had shed on the land and for their idols with which they had
and for their idols with which they had
and for their idols with which they had defiled it so I scattered them among the
defiled it so I scattered them among the
defiled it so I scattered them among the nation's and they were dispersed
nation's and they were dispersed
nation's and they were dispersed throughout the countries I judged them
throughout the countries I judged them
throughout the countries I judged them according to their ways and their deeds
according to their ways and their deeds
according to their ways and their deeds when they came to the nations wherever
when they came to the nations wherever
when they came to the nations wherever they went they profaned my Holy Name
they went they profaned my Holy Name
they went they profaned my Holy Name when they said of them these are the
when they said of them these are the
when they said of them these are the people of the Lord and yet they have
people of the Lord and yet they have
people of the Lord and yet they have gone out of his land but I had concern
gone out of his land but I had concern
gone out of his land but I had concern for my Holy Name which the house of
for my Holy Name which the house of
for my Holy Name which the house of Israel had profaned among the nations
Israel had profaned among the nations
Israel had profaned among the nations wherever they went
wherever they went
wherever they went therefore say to the house of Israel
therefore say to the house of Israel
therefore say to the house of Israel thus says the Lord God I do not do this
thus says the Lord God I do not do this
thus says the Lord God I do not do this for your sake o house of Israel but for
for your sake o house of Israel but for
for your sake o house of Israel but for my holy name's sake which you have
my holy name's sake which you have
my holy name's sake which you have profaned among the nations wherever you
profaned among the nations wherever you
profaned among the nations wherever you went and I will sanctify my great name
went and I will sanctify my great name
went and I will sanctify my great name which has been profaned among the
which has been profaned among the
which has been profaned among the nations which you have profaned in their
nations which you have profaned in their
nations which you have profaned in their midst and the nations shall know that I
midst and the nations shall know that I
midst and the nations shall know that I am the law
am the law
am the law when I am Hallowed in you before their
when I am Hallowed in you before their
when I am Hallowed in you before their eyes for I will take you from among the
eyes for I will take you from among the
eyes for I will take you from among the nations gather you out of all countries
nations gather you out of all countries
nations gather you out of all countries and bring you into your own land then I
and bring you into your own land then I
and bring you into your own land then I will sprinkle clean water on you
will sprinkle clean water on you
will sprinkle clean water on you and you shall be clean I will cleanse
and you shall be clean I will cleanse
and you shall be clean I will cleanse you from all your filthiness and from
you from all your filthiness and from
you from all your filthiness and from all your idols I will give you a new
all your idols I will give you a new
all your idols I will give you a new heart and put a new spirit within you I
heart and put a new spirit within you I
heart and put a new spirit within you I will take the heart of stone out of your
will take the heart of stone out of your
will take the heart of stone out of your flesh and give you a heart of flesh I
flesh and give you a heart of flesh I
flesh and give you a heart of flesh I will put my spirit within you and cause
will put my spirit within you and cause
will put my spirit within you and cause you to walk in my statutes and you will
you to walk in my statutes and you will
you to walk in my statutes and you will keep my judgments and dothey then you
keep my judgments and dothey then you
keep my judgments and dothey then you shall dwell in the land that I gave to
shall dwell in the land that I gave to
shall dwell in the land that I gave to your father's you shall be my people and
your father's you shall be my people and
your father's you shall be my people and I will be your God I will deliver you
I will be your God I will deliver you
I will be your God I will deliver you from all your unclean Lass's I will call
from all your unclean Lass's I will call
from all your unclean Lass's I will call for the grain and multiply it and bring
for the grain and multiply it and bring
for the grain and multiply it and bring no famine upon you and I will multiply
no famine upon you and I will multiply
no famine upon you and I will multiply the fruit of your trees and the increase
the fruit of your trees and the increase
the fruit of your trees and the increase of your fields so that you need never
of your fields so that you need never
of your fields so that you need never again bear the reproach of famine among
again bear the reproach of famine among
again bear the reproach of famine among the nations
the nations
the nations then you will remember your evil ways
then you will remember your evil ways
then you will remember your evil ways and your deeds that were not good and
and your deeds that were not good and
and your deeds that were not good and you will loathe yourselves in your own
you will loathe yourselves in your own
you will loathe yourselves in your own sight for your iniquities and your
sight for your iniquities and your
sight for your iniquities and your abominations not for your sake do I do
abominations not for your sake do I do
abominations not for your sake do I do this says the Lord God let it be known
this says the Lord God let it be known
this says the Lord God let it be known to you be ashamed and confounded for
to you be ashamed and confounded for
to you be ashamed and confounded for your own ways o house of Israel thus
your own ways o house of Israel thus
your own ways o house of Israel thus says the Lord God on the day that I
says the Lord God on the day that I
says the Lord God on the day that I cleanse you from all your iniquities
cleanse you from all your iniquities
cleanse you from all your iniquities I will also enable you to dwell in the
I will also enable you to dwell in the
I will also enable you to dwell in the cities and the ruins shall be rebuilt
cities and the ruins shall be rebuilt
cities and the ruins shall be rebuilt the desolate land shall be tilled
the desolate land shall be tilled
the desolate land shall be tilled instead of lying desolate in the sight
instead of lying desolate in the sight
instead of lying desolate in the sight of all who passed by
of all who passed by
of all who passed by so they will say this land that was
so they will say this land that was
so they will say this land that was desolate has become like the Garden of
desolate has become like the Garden of
desolate has become like the Garden of Eden and the wasted desolate and ruined
Eden and the wasted desolate and ruined
Eden and the wasted desolate and ruined cities are now fortified and inhabited
cities are now fortified and inhabited
cities are now fortified and inhabited then the nations which are left all
then the nations which are left all
then the nations which are left all around you shall know that I the LORD
around you shall know that I the LORD
around you shall know that I the LORD have rebuilt the ruined places and
have rebuilt the ruined places and
have rebuilt the ruined places and planted what was desolate I the LORD
planted what was desolate I the LORD
planted what was desolate I the LORD have spoken it and I will do it thus
have spoken it and I will do it thus
have spoken it and I will do it thus says the Lord God I will also let the
says the Lord God I will also let the
says the Lord God I will also let the house of Israel
house of Israel
house of Israel inquire of me to do this for them I will
inquire of me to do this for them I will
inquire of me to do this for them I will increase their men like a flock like a
increase their men like a flock like a
increase their men like a flock like a flock offered as holy sacrifices like
flock offered as holy sacrifices like
flock offered as holy sacrifices like the flock at Jerusalem on its feast days
the flock at Jerusalem on its feast days
the flock at Jerusalem on its feast days so shall the ruined cities be filled
so shall the ruined cities be filled
so shall the ruined cities be filled with flocks of men then they shall know
with flocks of men then they shall know
with flocks of men then they shall know that I am the Lord